README.md, before:

# Dappergram

[Dapper.life][live link] is a web application inspired by [Instagram][instagram] designed for men's fashion enthusiast. DapperLife allows users to view, comment, like and follow their favorite users utilizing a Ruby on Rails backend with PostgreSQL database and a React/Redux frontend.

## Features and Implementations

### Authentication

![Login Demo][login]

DapperLife uses secure BCrypt technology to salt and hash passwords into a digest where it is then saved into the database. To sign up for an account, the required fields include `username`, `email`, and `password`. While `password` is required, it is not saved on the database, only the digested password is saved. Upon login or account creation, the user is logged in with a `session_token`. The `session_token` is reset upon logout.

```Ruby
# user.rb
# Password is hashed upon login
  def password=(password)
    @password = password
    self.password_digest = BCrypt::Password.create(password)
  end

  def is_password?(password)
    BCrypt::Password.new(self.password_digest).is_password?(password)
  end

# Session token is saved upon login and reset upon logout
  def reset_session_token!
    self.session_token = SecureRandom.urlsafe_base64(16)
    self.save
    self.session_token
  end

  def ensure_session_token
    self.session_token ||= SecureRandom.urlsafe_base64(16)
  end
```

### Infinite Scrolling

![Infinite Scroll][infinite]

Renders only what the user needs or what is necessary with [React Infinite Scroller][infinite scroller]. Using infinite scroll, new photos are fetched only within a certain threshold from the end of the rendered view, allowing for resource conservation during browsing.

```js
// profile_feed.jsx
// Fetches first 10 photos unless there's already photos present in state, in which case, the next 10 is fetched.
  fetchMorePhotos() {
    if (this.state.photos[0]) {
      const created_at = this.state.photos[Object.keys(this.state.photos).length  - 1].created_at;
      PhotoAPIUtil.fetchMorePhotos(created_at)
      .then(photos => this.insertMorePhotos(photos));
    } else {
      this.props.fetchPhotos();
    }
  }

// Takes fetched photos and appends them to current photos in state. Also tags state with boolean that indicates whether or not there's more photos to fetch
  insertMorePhotos(newPhotos) {
    let combinedPhotos = Object.keys(this.state.photos).map(id => this.state.photos[id]);
    let photoArr = combinedPhotos.concat(newPhotos);
    let photos = {};
    photoArr.forEach( (el, i) => photos[i] = el );

    let hasMorePhotos = true;
    if (newPhotos.length < 10) {
      hasMorePhotos = false;
    }
    this.setState({ photos, hasMorePhotos });
  }

  render() {
    let feed = Object.keys(this.state.photos).map(id => (
        <PhotoDetailContainer
          key={id}
          photos={this.state.photos}
          photoId={id}
          currentUser={this.props.session.currentUser}/>
      )
    );

// Calls fetchMorePhotos when within 1000px of the end of the window.
    return (
      <div className='feed'>
        <div className='photo-feed'>
          <div className='photo-feed-container'>
            <InfiniteScroll
              pageStart={0}
              loadMore={this.fetchMorePhotos}
              hasMore={this.state.hasMorePhotos}
              useWindow={true}
              threshold={1000}>
              {feed}
            </InfiniteScroll>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    );
}
```

### Image Filtering

![Image Filter][image filter]

Utilizing the power of the [classnames][classnames] node package, users can enjoy some cool filters that can be applied to the photos. A slide in menu on the right side of each photo provides an abundant of filters that apply to individual photos for an enjoyable, creative experience.

```js
// photo.jsx
// Local state that stores which filters are applied.
this.state = {
  filter: {
    blur: false,
    brighter: false,
    darker: false,
    contrast: false,
    fade: false,
    grayscale: false,
    invert: false,
    saturate: false,
    sepia: false,
    opacity: false
  }
}

// Filters are applied by setting a new state to reflect changes.
resetFilters() {
  this.setState({
    filter: {
      blur: false,
      brighter: false,
      darker: false,
      contrast: false,
      fade: false,
      grayscale: false,
      invert: false,
      saturate: false,
      sepia: false,
      opacity: false
  }})
}

blur() {
  this.setState({filter: {blur: true}});
}

brighter() {
  this.setState({filter: {brighter: true}});
}

// More filters...

// On click, functions to set state for respective filters are invoked.
<div className='filter-menu'>
  <button onClick={this.resetFilters}><p>Reset</p></button>
  <button onClick={this.blur}>Blur</button>
  <button onClick={this.brighter}>Brighter</button>
  <button onClick={this.darker}>Darker</button>
  <button onClick={this.contrast}>Contrast</button>
  <button onClick={this.fade}>Fade</button>
  <button onClick={this.grayscale}>Grayscale</button>
  <button onClick={this.invert}>Invert</button>
  <button onClick={this.saturate}>Saturate</button>
  <button onClick={this.sepia}>Sepia</button>
  <button onClick={this.opacity}>Opacity</button>
</div>
```

## Project Design

A [proposal][proposal] was designed to present a feature implementation timeline. The proposal included:
- Wireframes
- Component Hierarchy
- Sample State
- database schema
- API endpoints

## Technologies


[live link]: http://www.dapper.life/
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/
[login]: ./docs/images/login.gif
[infinite]: ./docs/images/infinite.gif
[infinite scroller]: https://github.com/CassetteRocks/react-infinite-scroller
[image filter]:./docs/images/filter.gif
[classnames]: https://github.com/JedWatson/classnames
[proposal]: ./docs/README.md

Commit message:

Finish future implementation and technologies section

README.md, after:

# Dappergram

[Dapper.life][live link] is a web application inspired by [Instagram][instagram] designed for men's fashion enthusiast. DapperLife allows users to view, comment, like and follow their favorite users utilizing a Ruby on Rails backend with PostgreSQL database and a React/Redux frontend.

## Features and Implementations

### Authentication

![Login Demo][login]

DapperLife uses secure BCrypt technology to salt and hash passwords into a digest where it is then saved into the database. To sign up for an account, the required fields include `username`, `email`, and `password`. While `password` is required, it is not saved on the database, only the digested password is saved. Upon login or account creation, the user is logged in with a `session_token`. The `session_token` is reset upon logout.

```Ruby
# user.rb
# Password is hashed upon login
  def password=(password)
    @password = password
    self.password_digest = BCrypt::Password.create(password)
  end

  def is_password?(password)
    BCrypt::Password.new(self.password_digest).is_password?(password)
  end

# Session token is saved upon login and reset upon logout
  def reset_session_token!
    self.session_token = SecureRandom.urlsafe_base64(16)
    self.save
    self.session_token
  end

  def ensure_session_token
    self.session_token ||= SecureRandom.urlsafe_base64(16)
  end
```

### Infinite Scrolling

![Infinite Scroll][infinite]

Renders only what the user needs or what is necessary with [React Infinite Scroller][infinite scroller]. Using infinite scroll, new photos are fetched only within a certain threshold from the end of the rendered view, allowing for resource conservation during browsing.

```js
// profile_feed.jsx
// Fetches first 10 photos unless there's already photos present in state, in which case, the next 10 is fetched.
  fetchMorePhotos() {
    if (this.state.photos[0]) {
      const created_at = this.state.photos[Object.keys(this.state.photos).length  - 1].created_at;
      PhotoAPIUtil.fetchMorePhotos(created_at)
      .then(photos => this.insertMorePhotos(photos));
    } else {
      this.props.fetchPhotos();
    }
  }

// Takes fetched photos and appends them to current photos in state. Also tags state with boolean that indicates whether or not there's more photos to fetch
  insertMorePhotos(newPhotos) {
    let combinedPhotos = Object.keys(this.state.photos).map(id => this.state.photos[id]);
    let photoArr = combinedPhotos.concat(newPhotos);
    let photos = {};
    photoArr.forEach( (el, i) => photos[i] = el );

    let hasMorePhotos = true;
    if (newPhotos.length < 10) {
      hasMorePhotos = false;
    }
    this.setState({ photos, hasMorePhotos });
  }

  render() {
    let feed = Object.keys(this.state.photos).map(id => (
        <PhotoDetailContainer
          key={id}
          photos={this.state.photos}
          photoId={id}
          currentUser={this.props.session.currentUser}/>
      )
    );

// Calls fetchMorePhotos when within 1000px of the end of the window.
    return (
      <div className='feed'>
        <div className='photo-feed'>
          <div className='photo-feed-container'>
            <InfiniteScroll
              pageStart={0}
              loadMore={this.fetchMorePhotos}
              hasMore={this.state.hasMorePhotos}
              useWindow={true}
              threshold={1000}>
              {feed}
            </InfiniteScroll>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    );
}
```

### Image Filtering

![Image Filter][image filter]

Utilizing the power of the [classnames][classnames] node package, users can enjoy some cool filters that can be applied to the photos. A slide in menu on the right side of each photo provides an abundant of filters that apply to individual photos for an enjoyable, creative experience.

```js
// photo.jsx
// Local state that stores which filters are applied.
this.state = {
  filter: {
    blur: false,
    brighter: false,
    darker: false,
    contrast: false,
    fade: false,
    grayscale: false,
    invert: false,
    saturate: false,
    sepia: false,
    opacity: false
  }
}

// Filters are applied by setting a new state to reflect changes.
resetFilters() {
  this.setState({
    filter: {
      blur: false,
      brighter: false,
      darker: false,
      contrast: false,
      fade: false,
      grayscale: false,
      invert: false,
      saturate: false,
      sepia: false,
      opacity: false
  }})
}

blur() {
  this.setState({filter: {blur: true}});
}

brighter() {
  this.setState({filter: {brighter: true}});
}

// More filters...

// On click, functions to set state for respective filters are invoked.
<div className='filter-menu'>
  <button onClick={this.resetFilters}><p>Reset</p></button>
  <button onClick={this.blur}>Blur</button>
  <button onClick={this.brighter}>Brighter</button>
  <button onClick={this.darker}>Darker</button>
  <button onClick={this.contrast}>Contrast</button>
  <button onClick={this.fade}>Fade</button>
  <button onClick={this.grayscale}>Grayscale</button>
  <button onClick={this.invert}>Invert</button>
  <button onClick={this.saturate}>Saturate</button>
  <button onClick={this.sepia}>Sepia</button>
  <button onClick={this.opacity}>Opacity</button>
</div>
```

## Project Design

A [proposal][proposal] was designed to present a feature implementation timeline. The proposal included:
- Wireframes
- Component Hierarchy
- Sample State
- database schema
- API endpoints

## Technologies

Ruby on Rails was utilized on the backend with PostgreSQL. Information was sent to the frontend in json, where it is processed in the Redux cycle. The React containers and components then drew information from the state in order to render views. Images are stored via Amazon Simple Storage Services(S3).

## Future Implementations

- Photo Deletion, Updates and Uploads
- Hashtags
- Search for Users and Hashtags
- Direct Messaging
- Discover Page

[live link]: http://www.dapper.life/
[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/
[login]: ./docs/images/login.gif
[infinite]: ./docs/images/infinite.gif
[infinite scroller]: https://github.com/CassetteRocks/react-infinite-scroller
[image filter]:./docs/images/filter.gif
[classnames]: https://github.com/JedWatson/classnames
[proposal]: ./docs/README.md
